Love is a battlefield. - Pat Benetar
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain, too much love drives a man insane. You broke my will, but what a thrill. Goodness gracious, great balls of fire. - Jerry Lee Lewis
I fell into a burning ring of fire, I went down down down and the flames went higher. - Johnny Cash
May be a loser but I'm not a dweeb. I'm just a sucker with no self-esteem. - The Offspring
It's been a hard days night. - The Beatles
There goes my hero, watch him as he goes. - Foo Fighters
I like big butts and I cannot lie. You other brothers can’t deny. - Sir Mix-a-Lot
Just a small town girl livin' in a lonely world. She took the midnight train goin' anywhere. Just a city boy, born and raised in South Detroit. He took the midnight train goin' anywhere. - Journey
If you liked it then you should have put a ring on it - Beyonce
My loneliness is killin’ me. I must confess I still believe. When I’m not with you I lose my mind. Give me a sign, hit me baby one more time. - Britney Spears
I’ve got all my life to live and I’ve got all my love to give. And I’ll survive, I will survive. Hey, hey. - Gloria Gaynor
If I can make it there, I’ll make it anywhere. It’s up to you New York, New York. - Frank Sinatra
Somewhere over the rainbows skies are blue. And the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true. - Judy Garland
I said, certified freak. Seven days a week. Wet-ass pussy make that pull-out game weak. - Cardi Beatles
Yeah, I'm just a teenage dirtbag, baby. Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me, ooh. - Wheatus
Say it ain't so. I will not go. Turn the lights off. Carry me home. Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na. Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na. Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na. Na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na. - Blink 182
It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine. - REM
And I say, "Hey-ey-ey-ey." Hey-ey-ey. I said, "Hey, what's going on?" - 4 Non Blondes
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I take a look at my life and realize there's not much left. - Coolio
When I was a young boy my father took me into the city. - My Chemical Romance
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me. I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed - Smash Mouth
Jealousy, turning saints into the sea. Swimming through sick lullabies, choking on your alibis. But it's just the price I pay, destiny is calling me. - The Killers
Now this is the story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down. - Will Smith