Scenario generators:
https://englishprompts.com/wwyd/
https://tim.cgmatane.qc.ca/lougen/improv-generator.html

Ideas: 
  Tinder for _______


Watch out! There's a dangerous animal over there!
I'm sorry sir, but you can't bring that in here.
Look! There’s a tiger in the neighbor’s yard!
Umm, it’s about your dog
Hello. I’m from the FBI. We want to talk to you about that box on your front porch!
I’d like to return this for a refund.
Does your husband/wife drive a red Toyota?


you could buy a life-life robot companion?
you found a wallet on the street? What if it had no ID? What if there were $1000 in it?


var WWYD = ['your best friend smelled bad?'
 'your boss served you a terrible dinner?'
 'your secret crush cooked you a disgusting meal?'
 'you were allergic to your sister\'s pet cat?'
 'there were a giant spider in the middle of the floor?'
 'there were a giant spider in your shower?'
 'your brother bought a snake as a pet?'
 'your brother bought a snake as a pet
 and it lived in the same room with you?'
 'your brother bought a tarantula as a pet?'
 'your brother bought a tarantula as a pet
 and it lived in the same room with you?'
 'you had a friend who never smiled?'
 'you had a friend who always wanted to stay home
 even when hanging out with friends?'
 'your girlfriend/boyfriend preferred staying in all the time?'
 'your girlfriend/boyfriend never smiled or laughed
 saying they really preferred to be serious?'
 'you overslept and were going to be late to school?'
 'you fell asleep in class?'
 'you realized in school that you had forgotten to do your homework?'
 'you forgot to do your homework and you were one bad grade (mark) away from failing the class?'
 'you and your friend were both late to class but only you got punished?'
 'you\'re taking an important test and you see someone cheating?'
 'you\'re taking a test and you see someone cheating from your paper?'
 'you\'re at a meeting at work and one of your colleagues begins presenting ideas you had told them?'
 'your teacher says you can get good grades if you start bringing them gifts to school?'
 'a homeless person asks you for money?'
 'your friend has stolen the answers to the final exam and offers them to you?'
 'your parents wanted you to go to a cram school and study for exams or college prep for 3 hours after regular school?'
 'your boss says she will promote you if you take 3-hour-long training classes after work for 12 weeks?'
 'there were a giant bug on the table
 and your friend told you not to kill it?'
 'you saw a dog in a hot car with the windows up?'
 'you saw a baby in a hot car with the windows up?'
 'you found a wallet on the street? What if it had no ID? What if there were $1000 in it?'
 'you were picked to travel to Mars?'
 'you could instantly download any knowledge or skill to your brain?'
 'a UFO landed in your backyard?'
 'a genie gave you one wish?'
 'you saw a ghost in your room?'
 'you found a magic wand on the ground?'
 'a wizard appeared and told you that you were the only one to defeat the Evil One?'
 'a ninja jumps out of the shadows and tells you
 "Prepare to die!"'
 'you find a magic ring that gives you super strength?'
 'you find a magic ring that lets you fly?'
 'a volcano erupts and you have ten minutes to evacuate your house?'
 'you were bitten by a zombie? a vampire? a deadly snake?'
 'your parents were bitten by zombies? a venomous spider?'
 'a stranger offers you a million dollars to spend the night with them?'
 'you have a friend who is very touchy feely?'
 'you have a friend who is always late?'
 'you meet someone online and agree to a date. When you meet them
 they look nothing like their picture?'
 'you meet someone online whom you really like
 but when you meet in person
 you don\'t get along at all.'
 'you\'re in an elevator with a couple and they start making out?'
 'your 12-year old child wants to start dating?'
 'the person you are dating reveals they are non-binary?'
 'the person you are dating reveals they are trans-gender?'
 'you see a stranger holding a sign that says \'FREE HUGS\'?'
 'your neighbor is being very loud?'
 'you need to go to the bathroom very badly
 but the bathroom for your gender is busy while the bathroom for the other gender is free?'
 'you are in a nice restaurant and a small child is running around and being very loud?'
 'you could make a clone of yourself?'
 'you could buy a life-life robot companion?'
 'you could erase one painful memory?'
 'you could teleport anywhere in the world?'
 'you could switch gender for 24 hours? For 1 week? For 1 year?'
 'you got a present you hated from a good friend?'
 'you could read other people\'s minds?'
 'you were elected president or leader of your country?'
 'you won a million dollars in the Lottery?'
 'you won $100
000 dollars in the Lottery?'
 'you won a hundred dollars in the Lottery?'
 'you saw your favorite celebrity eating at the same restaurant as you? What if they had a reputation for being very nice to fans? Or very rude?'
 'you had to hire a teenager with no experience or a qualified undocumented immigrant?'
 'your teenage child got into music with very sexual explicit lyrics?'
 'your spouse regularly beats your child?'
 'your ten-year-old child wants a smartphone?'
 'your partner wants to co-sleep
 meaning the whole family shares a bed?'
 'your partner admits that they cheated on you
 but they claim that the affair is over now?'
 'your friends are dating
 but they have vicious fights all the time?'
 'your friend belongs to a very obscure religion and many people think they are very strange?'
 'a person you are dating belongs to a different religion than you and your family doesn\'t approve?'
 'a self-driving car crashes and kills someone? You are the judge and have to decide who is at fault: the computer
 the driver who was doing nothing
 the company
 or no one.'
 'you were offered the chance to go back in time and save John F. Kennedy (or another hero from history)?'
 'you were offered the chance to go back in time and kill Adolph Hitler as a baby (or another villian from history)?'
 'you are offered a great job but only if you sleep with the boss regularly?'
 'you are the leader of the world and you have to decide whether to make English the global language?'
 'you discover a member of the cleaning staff at your office has been stealing office supplies and selling them to pay for necessary medical expenses?'
 'you were offered the chance to become a ghost?'
 'you were offered the chance to become a vampire?'
 'your best friend revealed they were a ghost?'
 'your mom/dad revealed they were a werewolf?'
 'your best friend\'s parents made you a terrible meal?'
 'you found a wallet on the street with no ID?'
 'your best friend were bitten by a vampire? A zombie? A deadly spider?'
 'you find a magic ring that lets you teleport?'
 'your pet could talk to you?'
 'your friend is using illegal drugs?'
 'you are the leader of your country and you have to decide whether to do away with all border security and have totally open borders?'
 'you are captain of the Titanic and you have to decide in what order to evacuate people.'
 'A pandemic has spread worldwide
 causing great suffering. Your company has just developed the cure. This could save the world and/or make you rich.'
 'your teenage child got into music with lyrics full of slurs and swears?'
 'your teacher calls you to school and tells you that your child is a bully?'
 'your teacher calls you to school and tells you that your child is being severely bullied?'
 'you were offered the chance to go back in time and prevent a tragedy such as September 11th.'
 'an assassin threatens to kill your whole family unless you agree to kill a person he has chosen for you?'
 'you are a soldier at war; you and your comrades-at-arms are in a bunker when a grenade is thrown in. You have seconds to act or do nothing!'
 'your school wants to institute uniforms and you\'re the deciding vote on whether to have uniforms and if so
 what they would look like?'
 'your teacher or boss tells you in private that they dislike you and will do everything to ensure you fail?'
 'your friend and their partner are publicly very affectionate with each other and it gets them a lot of negative attention.'
 'you go to a restaurant where you know the servers are paid a low wage and live on tips. The service has been very bad
 but your partner says you should still tip well?'
 'you\'re working in a café in a strange city. You need to go to the bathroom. Do you take your laptop with you or leave it unattended?'
 'your neighbor
 who has a bad temper and works the night-shift demands that you keep very quiet at home all day?'
 'your friend asks you to take off your shoes before entering their house
 but you are wearing very dirty and smelly socks?'
 'you find a magic potion (the elixir of life) which will make you live forever?'
 'you find a magic potion (the elixir of youth) which will take 5 years off your life for every sip you take?'
 'you are on a wildlife sightseeing trip and the guide offers you the chance to hunt any animal you want
 even illegal or endangered species?'
 'you are applying for a job and the interviewer asks you about a skill or qualification you don\'t have? If you lie
 you have much better chances of getting the job.'
 'you\'re given a robot assistant who is so good at their job that they end up saying they\'ll fire your other assistants unless you lie about the robot\'s productivity?'
 'you suspect the parents of your good friend are being abusive?'
 'you suspect your friends are being abusive to their child?'
 'you are in a store with your friend and you see them put a candy bar in their pocket?'
 'a friend starts telling jokes full of ethnic slurs and racist language?'
 'you are a police officer and you discover your sibling is suspected of committing a serious crime and you are assigned to arrest them?'
 'you discover that you can talk to any animal in the world?'
 'you are offered the job of your dreams but you have to work nights only and you\'ll have to sleep all day?'
 'WILD CARD: Come up with your own situation!']

function newWWYD() {
    var randomNumber = Math.floor(Math.random() * (WWYD.length));
    document.getElementById('WWYDdisplay').innerHTML = WWYD[randomNumber];
}

